A world destroyed by war after years of peacufully living together two nations got in a fight and destroyed each other and the rest of civilisation. Infrastructure and governments got destroyed and allot of people in the process. But where are billions millions remain and from the ashes of the destroyed civilisation new communities and groups arose.  Ofcourse there where also the wealthy and unnafected people that hid in their bunkers and mastered plans to take over the world after the war was finished. As far as we know there are 6 whealthy families that tried to grab the power after the war was over. The whealthy 6 tried to get people on their sides by promising the old lives back, pleanty of food, security and a community to be proud of. They tried to do so by giving them weapons, giving them the means to earn a place among their family and live in one of the cities. Many devote and desperate people believed them seeing the bunkers that had slowly become cities for to live for those that proved themselves to be loyal to the respective family.

At first there was little conflict between the cities there was plenty of things to conquer and enough resources. But over time resources became sparce and the cities overcrowded. The individual manufactorers made what weopons they could to arm their following but family after family got destroyed by one another until one of them remained, the Hoc family. The final stretch was a bloody fight and resulted in allot of resources being depleted. It officialy ended when the last member of the Vockar family got publicly executed. This war of the 6 families as it often is refered to, once again destroyed the country and left allot of people no place to live and dissatisfied with the Hoc family. Eveyone that had once belonged to a different family kind of became a second rank citizen, they where also refered to as the outsiders. This was a breeding ground for allot of hatred and division under the people living in and around the cities and more and more often incidents occured. People started fights and started targeting people from the Hoc family. As a result the Hoc family stopped giving weapons to the outsiders, less food and they where kicked out of the cities. Even those that had proven to be loyal, if you had been associated with a differnt family before you had youre rights taken away.

The outsiders now realy felt like outsiders and groups formed that started to form an opposition. They main problem was that they did not have any weapons or means to fight, so they started to deconstruct the weapons from the old families and make their own creations. Combining the power and advantages of certain parts of different manufactorers. They created their own combinations of guns. Any fighter had their own unique gun, melee weapon or a more medieval aparatus to put up a fight when needed. Years and years passed where the outsiders fought against the Hoc family dealing some blows and recieving some. New generations got born and the hatred for one another was carried over. One of the new generations was a young lad named nomad. Nomad was born as an outsider in the woods far away from the cities. He had learned to hate the Hoc as his father did. He had never seen a Hoc but knew he would shoot one if he saw one. This is where the story begins...


The families:

The Hoc family:
are focused on technology they do everything to put more tech into a weapon. 
-Gives good reload speed, magazine size and accuracy at the cost of damage

The Vockar family:
Loved hunting and the wild. This family used live to there advantage for making guns. There weaponry is often alive and uses nature to overcome certain challenges. They made an arsenal of melee weapons and guns and also some biobased weapons that use the nature at its smallest level to defeat their enemies.
-Good accuracy and damage at the cost of reload and fire rate

The Majina family:
Had a minimalistic approach to the world. Weapons are often small and contain the minimal amount of parts. They specialised in making these parts as strong as possible while conserving material, so there are allot of these weapons layign around, Although some of them might be to small to see. "Function over form"
-Good reload speed and very leightwheight. This comes at the cost of damage and magazine size.

The Bright family:
This family always enjoyed there bling and there weapons show so. They were the richest of the six before the war. Since gold and sutch became basically worthless after the first great war they decided that it would suit there guns and weapons. Some weapons even going as far as to shoot polished diamonds, on the othere hand they where convinced that gold was a good metal to use as a blade for a sword resulting in some afwul prototypes and weapons.
-Deal allot of damage but are punished in almost every other aspect

The Jenkins family:
They are a conservative bunch. They specialise in weapons that are of old good values. Hardened steel and firm wood are the best materials for a weapon. The oldest of the family always knew best and this became theire downfall when grandpa Jenkins decided that all steel was to modern and they needed to resort to stone. "The future was yesterday."
-Decent and default

The Sternwell family:
This is a more spiritual family fascinated with the elements of nature. Incorporating these elements in theire weapons to surprise enemies or sometimes even physics themselves.
-Slightly worse stats but elemtal effects.